---
layout: post
title:  "poems"
date:   2017-01-03 18:19:00 -0800
categories: writings
description: winter~sounds & flower~crowns
---
```

When the words will not appear,
type out the letters ,and let them form themselves,
into the shapes they want, the shapes that ellude you
and bind you in the dark

Without a friend in the world,
ask for ink and paper, and all will be good,
for who are you but one dazzled by lights and music that you
couldn't (see &) hear (deep) in the dark.

And while you attend the dances, 
pray put in a kind word for me, and ask the master
to forgive my tresspasses on his grounds, for you see.
I was cold out in the dark.

A Monster! O! A Monster (Approaches)!




     .--=|=--.
   oOO       OOo
   "!!//-@-!!"
     -%%%//-

I've forgotton the words to your song,
  the one you would sing me to sleep with,
    like lullabies of a yesteryear
      plucked from vinyeards from across the shore
        a shore, a land I may never see.

They tell me I do not belong there,
  the people from your home.
    "I was not born there," they say
      but you were.
      And I was born from you
      So why may I not return
        to the home
          of my home?

And so your melodies are of a different key,
  your paintings of other hues,
    And yet still I want to listen and to see all there is
      bevause they belong to you.
      
Share with me your letters, your dances too,
  teach them I am not so different
    so I may be like (with)...you.
    
Motherland


Look! Look! There goes the man, the golden man,
  the man so good at everything,
See how he walks and the world moves,
  hear him sigh and the world cry
          The man!
            The man!
He goes to work as the greatest,
  the greatest at what, you ask?
Why, at everything boy!
  Aye, there he goes, away from us,
into the (the pride of our children. END) sacred marrow,
wearing the pride of our children.

"Wow!"



We are clockwork you and I
clockwork until the day we die.


Watch us dance and fly across the room in a uniformed coordination
Ticking so elegantly; arcs of pronounced stand - ard - i - za - tion
We begin and end with a tick and a tock of the clock
    on the wall
        until
                we
                    fall.


But the (fundamental) difference between you and I
    are
            our
                    hands.
The hands that have given us so much pain
the hands that skip and wane
and fall behind tempo
of our perfectly timed tango and oh!
    how
            that
                    burns.

Why is this? It is because you are the minute and I am the hour.
We meet in the middle -- O! how sour --
    four and twenty times a day
        and yet only agree twice (and I say:) (in our way.)
You are so much faster than I, in all walks,
    in how you talk to others
        and balk at brothers
            and galk at lovers.
    O! O. O...
A tick and a tock and then we drop.
    A tick
            and
                   a
                        tock.

Let us stop for now, and enjoy what time we have.
    
    Dancing all around


frek

"frek" on a rock -- a nordic warning
of monsters nearby.

WHen I ener your life, you will know:
recognize me as the alcoholic recently sober, the lover who chose poorly.
I am the addict's realization
    the hopeful's resignation.




My last love stepped off the bus and onto the walk
with/among so many (people) I did not know
whom I recognized not


And yet what lives do they lead that I miss out on?
with their own losses and triumphs
are they heroes or not?


The answer should be obvious, last love, like you
like a tempest that freezes the skin
and you remember not


the touch of summer on tender bodies, in the wake
of waves and seabreeze that so solemnly    
wash the flesh and not


The mind, the raking of your voice, last love, leads
and beckons to the end, away from all
yet these others know not


The danger of you, last love, nor I their last loves,
shall we keep these secrets to ourselves
forever safe: trust not


the ones who reveal any minuate of your cruelty
and you will walk past, like a tiger
with enough meat for now.


"Beyond your maw"




My love,
I wonder what you would say to me now
after spending a lifetime together
A lifetime of love and belonging.
What would you say to my lonely self.


Say that we loved eachother and cared above all else for eachother
that we were happy and beautiful together.
Whicper to me that all will be well and hold me in your arms, my love,
becuse I am so afraid that we will never be, that we will never find one


another.
I want so much to be with you for all th years ahead.


What would you say to me now.
Let me know that I loved and was loved by the most wonderful friend I could


ever have.
I love you with all my heart, my love, my love.  




You silly boy;
I do not care that you fall short in
your perfections, and I ask:
will you fail (fall) again, as a flower blooms
too late in the season
and wilts at the first frost
never blossoming, closed forever.


You shy boy;
the bees may care if they cannot plunder
your pollen,
buzzing away for the sweater meadows
but I am not a bee, so I may
freely fly
to wherever I choose: and the flowers all beckon
in such lovely ways, their shimmering forms all
multiply when I pass by, held aloft
by the brazen sun; watch as I create
constellations of amber spectrum'd fires, all.
(“)Sing a song of rapture and melancholy, my buds,
with the heights of all joy and the depths of all sadness.(“)
And yet, do my crowd'd flowers obey?


No, my boy;
they fall so deathly silent,
for they know not the words I speak
the desires I feel
the needs I whisper in so lost and fruitless a manner to the
speckl'd blossoms and their
color'd, flying, strip'd friends
So you find me wandering,


Sly boy,
you who ly alone, blushing by yourself
with every caress of the wind, closed off from
the kiss of the rain and the (embrace) cradle of the
leaf; falling as a memory of grace.
But to you it is just a shameful reminder of all that could have been
of all the affection that you missed
in your years of isolation
and that you think will never come to fruition.


Lovey, lonely boy;
May i be your Spring? May i warm your
blood and blushen your face?
May we revel in the lengthening sunlight and
love eternal in the comforting nights? Sing for me the songs i
so wish to hear,
and watch as we shake the time from the twilight and the light from the dawn.
Let us ly, and watch now for the setting of
the constellations, as they the flowers close their arms, bracing for the coldness ahead,
observe now the bees
as they return to their nests, satitated and satisfied.
Who are we but the lonesome pair at the edge of the (our) world (Paradise)?
    With your embrace and mine
            finding eachother for the warmth
                     of
                            all
                                    the
                                            lifetimes
                                            ahead. (the other).


Home and Hearth








Why do I rember you
and the evenings we shared
in so many years of happness?


Along the coastlines rushed the clouds
that we escaped, and the
simple rain we enjoyed
for those few weeks we had to eachother.
The rocks in the ocean grew collasol
over our heads, smoothed and shimmering (sheer)
How then did we last for as long as
we did, when so much forced us apart
again and again.


Why then do I remember you,
the face that you stole from my hands, my marble?
The nape I desired in such a fashion as to fit you exactly.
Tell me of the movemnets you danced
along the surf, wirh you and the mist as
partners, and footprints as the only record
of our Love, You were dressed, I recall, in
a dress of cotton, so close in
shade to the colness ofthe sea
with the feel of you so close to my skin.


How then did we end, you and I?
FOr we were all the same, you and I.
As an echo of one another reverberates and
magnifis the sweat and dust/sweat dust surrounding us
on our pale, light, sweet blue Earth.


My Galatea


(castles)






What do you see when you see
    a child
            a woman
                    a man?
I see a library millenia in the making,
written by a series of artists who crafted
the most beautiful works in the Universe.


As they wrote symphonies to last as the stars fade and beckon:
As Authors spilling ink across the seas;
    as painters throwing dyes through the lands;
            as musicians weaving chords and notes among the skies;
                    as dancers spinning shadows towards the heavens...


Flames of craftmanship tearing apart,
    breaking the Earthen plates underfoot
    realeasing pain among the fractured shards of olympian
    scultpures, as it forms and reforms the image of it's desire:
it's consuming and frenzy'd wickedness to last--to be remebered,
    for no other reason but that it can,
            that it molds and shakes the eternal bars of granite/abiotic stillness
    summoning and seperating life and death, the lovers who
            wish to be together for the eons of all,
            forcing all who choose to live, to lie again in the arms
                    of darkness, asleep until the time comes,
            that these two titans may lie as one, when the galaxies spin
                    no more, it will be the time of the breathless, in an


    age of silence.
            


Hello tree , what a lovely gown you are wearing, let us dance across the room


(poem series)






It begins to snow in the classroom
and I turn to go


Passing students taking no notice
        of the
crystalline webs
        falling
                from
                        the
                                sky.


Outside, the tall pines blossom like flowers
        from the icy foundations below


On my command, the winds race and curve/curl above
        as a warmth slithers through my limbs
And the wide sleep approaches again
        as a tall man with gentle arms


unconditional
        unanswerable


He strikes a fire while the trembling clouds dance
        and the treetops hide in the mist


I lament and confess to him my fears and guilts
Under the day’s gathering/multivariate greyness
        (with shades) of industrial steel
        and laundered linen
Meeting thundercloud fierceness
        and springtime meekness.


The sky’s brightness burns into darkness
and the fire leaps and traipses
in a thousand symmetrical flowers centered on the man and me
While he sings forgiveness and the
        stars descend and caress, surrounding         
                as wild fireflies standing eternal
in the equinox of my creation.





Tell me about the times
    when we would stay up late to watch
        the stars
    and we’d feel special for having found eachother
        when the lights above were so separate
        and the air so cold and distant
    Yet here we lay, in eachother’s tiredness and embrace
        making time for one another
            because we enjoyed our company
                above all else.
Tell me about the places
    we would go
        visiting towns and lights entirely foreign
        just to feel the sameness we’d grown
            the familiar, the lasting and unchanging.
And when we grew old and tired, that’s what
    you remained to me--though all the fears and nights
        and troubles and stars
    strewn over the changing skies


You were my home
You were my lasting.


“Time and Space”
    


-Fitzwilliam P. Shufflebottom, Esq.




What does it sound like to you
    when you brush your hair
        behind your ear?
The forgiving wing on warm leaves?
The whisper of whiskers wishing only
to please?
The sigh of linen bearing the fullness
    of a body?
What does it sound like?


Let it remain a world of grains, sand and wheat
and all things (pleasant and lasting) lasting and plesant
    falling across, curving beyond an eclipse


For one of the things you are to me--
    a heart of eden
        an amber radiance
            a forgotten world.


“Shy Behaviors”
    

 






Good evening cherry tree,
how lovely you dance/play in the light of our summer moon.
as/with your wind-touched blossoms enchant/(ing) all
Bringing that O! So lustful shade to the faces
 of your admirers
and how, (may I say,) you transfix their blood with desire
suits you quite well.
For are you not such a lover, in the springtimes of May,
        as in the snowfalls of December.
And yet are you not afraid of losing your color when the cold and night arrive?
        Such would petrify me, as it must surely petrify all who live so long.
But with you, such fear is not elicited. Why, may I ask.
        Why are you so calm on the eve of
the
fall
 of grace?




Who are you?
I am the one man battlefield
        the hunter and hunted
        together at last
                till Dusk we part
                and Dawn we meet.
While the siege I seek
        for the harrowed soldier
comes at last
        in the hallowed smolder
                of a time begotten
        and a people forgotten.
And so all that is left
        all that may be found
is the sole and weary’d
        beaten
                beathen
                        down.








You tell me it's time to go, and I couldn't agree more.
For you see,


I was young once, wasn't i?
I was beautiful and naive and free to
    roam this world, untethered and unfearing,
With those lovers that stole my kisses.
    Will they remember me still, after all this time?
    Would they recognize my face? My heart that
            lusted and comforted in equal measure.


I remember them all, as I remember yesterday slip away from my grasp
    as I cry for it to stay, because I
            cannot live without my yesterdays
    for I have no tomorrows left. I am old. I am older still.


And all those moments of a life, so little and O! so perfect,
    that collected on my windowsill
    for me to gaze at and remember,
portraits of a life lived and a time shared.
   They will leave me too, and so I say (to you)(,):
How I leave now,
                   is not for you to decide,
                    but for me to tell:


I leave with a world of woe behind me and the stars of sorrow ahead.




Kevin for God's sakes, your sister's recital starts at 5 and it's 4:56. Turn off your video game and get in the car!




"The Age of Angst"
-Kevin, Age 6





For the Days Ahead...




Listening to my boy play
like the sons of our past, our yesterdays that last


As we conquer’d and lost
As we broke and fought
among foreign lands  and crimson sands


Having you by my side in those stranger times
when we marched and charg’d and sang our call
into the wind-stripp’d night for the death of all.


We were never meant to see the end of those days


And still we stayed.
In the forests and in the fires we reigned.


Yet without you, where would I be
frozen among the mud, under the stars supreme
crying for home lost
for the lights were gone, and I could not see my way.


But you were there to see us through
you kept us warm and steadied our blood


Under the exploding sky I took shelter by you.


And there I will stay,
for all (the) seasons to march us by.
With you I will stay.


Watch us, brother:
Young and breathless, laughing at the falling sun
and calling for the girls we will meet when we find our way back home.




...and Every Day Since


"When you have nothing, /that's/ when you're rich! You have nothing they can take away from you, everything you have is your and yours alone. When the lights fall on you, and the eyes start wathcing you, /then/. Then you are in their debt. And the only day you stop being in their debt is the day you die. The best day of your life, unless you're poor, in which case you're rich."
"Thanks, Peter. That's quite...special."


"No problem kid. You just remeber all that while you do whatever you do down there. It's a long way to Fresno, so don't expect no visits or nothin'."
"That's alright. You take care of yourself though."
"Take care of myself? Whatta mean? You tryin' to kick me out? I'm staying here now, seein' that you're movin' out and leavin' 'n all."
"You're staying in my room? With my mom and dad?"
"Well, I expect I'll be spending most of the week at work, doing what I do best..."
"What is that exactly?"
"...and so I'll just be sleeping here every now and then."


raindrops fall in the uatumn air
to the beat of one who may well fare
to send the earthen messeage a tome
"Cast me off and warm my home"


"Bring me the crown" I say to you,
    my servant
"With her head attached!"
    as you rush out.


I sit back and worry,
    that I've toppled a kingdom,
    by letting her rise
        in the land of death.

From the one alone in a forgotten land,
    to the master, commander, lord of us all.
I loved her as a brother, (as only one can) as a friend,
    this lonely, wicked, tooth'd maul.



The world is dying, and yet still I must sing
for to cry out into the dark is a wonderful thing
To scream, to yell, to teem and tell the dark you still stand
For while I can, for all who won't, I will hold this promised land.

a
b
a
b


You told to me to look towards the north
From wence I would find
    my only course

I would not look,I was frightened so
Of the beings that sing
    from the depths below

'Neath the ice and in the black,
    they whisper behind your back
Turn around and you will see,
    naught but the cold staring back at thee

So you must never venture forth
    into these lands,
For they belong to the
     shivering, desolate, sorry man.

Night Terrors (afraid of the water)


The wolves run heavy over my (broken, mortal) body
their claws cut deep as they
    run to their cubs, their caves to sleep.
What lovely creatures, I think
    as I find my nightly home.
That bless'd, starry bed,
        look at how they roam!

Looking down from a slumber


What does regret do to one's soul,
But to make him wail and cry
Tearing and digging a coffin hole
As he asks "Why didn't I?"

While it be too little too late (to change much)
I do hereby promise, gladly
to write my listing of actions fate
So I, as old as I may be,


He holds the list close to him
for the next time around


Run to me and I'll hold you close
ye wicked soul of malice
Tho your heart be
iced,
    sliced, &
        calloused, from thee I'll never part
    until days be dark
and nights be light, shall I harken unto thee
    as thy turpid (turbid),
        turged, (flight) growth



"Bring me the crown" I say to you,
    my servant 
"With her head attached!"
    as you rush out. !

I sit back and worry,
    that I've toppled a kingdom,
    by letting her rise
        in the land of death.!

From the one alone in a forgotten land,
    to the master, commander, lord of us all.
I loved her as a brother, (as only one can) as a friend,
    this lonely, wicked, tooth'd maul.!



1   I like to number my lines
2       to keep track of where I am
3   for if I did not,
4       I would surely be a sham!

.---------------------------------------.
|   I like to keep my writing contained |
|       in simple boxes for me to see   |
|   for if I did not,                   |
|       they might overthrow me         |
.---------------------------------------.

Sometimes my letters are dɒɔʞwɒɿbƨ
    sometimes ∩bƨ!qө-qoʍu
and whenever I try to ask them something
    they never seem to be 
        a  r   o       u       n           d......!

Once in a while, I feel like a king
    when    my      words   remain  orderly
    serving me      in      my      tasks
    doing   what    I       ask     in
    a       manner  so      very    lov'e'ly!

But other times a jester am I,
                  ences    
          sent             in
      
     ling                      the 

   jugg                           air
........................................
 hoping                           care

      they                      a
          
          land             out
                  with

So whether by choice or whether by chance
    whether by (I) sway or whether by (I) dance
        either a ruler or fool I may be 
            whichever it is, it is ('tis) fine with me!

Ye Golden embroidered feather,
    that caresses the sky's light
touch onto me that sun-bound heather
    that disguises me 'till night

A Monster approaches my home,
    beckoning me to let it in.
    Whispering to let it in.
A Monster approaches my home,
    and i know not what to do.
    and i know not what to do.

It is outside my window now,
    looking in, looking in
    at me what shall i do.
The Monster opens the window
    reaching in, for me, for me
    i have nowhere to go, nowhere to go

It climbs inside, filling the room
    i am alone, i cannot escape
    the monster that is here with me
I shut my eyes and cry i feel it closen
    it feels my face and opens my eyes
    so i must see this monstrosity

See this monstrosity as it breaks my bones
    and loosens my blood so warm
So it spills and drops and flees (flows)
    away from this monstrous form.

"Look at me" it hisses, "look at what you have done"
    "all that you never were
        and all that you could have become!"

i am broken, i am broken but the monster drags me still,
    the monster carries me outside, 
    the window closes, i will never be back inside
The monster releases me, drops me to the earth,
    i do not see where it goes
    i do not see where it goes.

Outside snow falls, covering my body still (when shall i die)? 
    the snow falls, upon my body still (but when shall i die)?

i know not how long i lie, lying for night to fall

I look to my home one last time,
    one last time before i die.

There i am, back at home, warm and safe
    i know not what happens
    i know not what happens
And still i think i will be warm and safe
    for all the time to come
    for all the time to come

How could you not see what happens
    run away you fool!
    you fool! run away

outside i rise, outside i rise,
outside i crouch, bent over and jagged
    i approach
    i approach

Alabaster White

I play the anthem of a world
    ceased to be.
Alone and proud this melody wanes
    from a time forgotten
        for a people extinct.

Look up on a clear night and
    spy the light that lies, that wished,
        as I do,
            for a a home lasting and searene
        but knows the song is dawing to a close
        very nearly, and so dearly, done.

And yet we survive to share our memories,
    as a minstrel for the missing
    and as an artist for the artefacts.

I play I play I play
        I want them to know
        I play and I would forget 
    the world stood in a brightess that finds
the edges of all
    and falls aay in the song I play
and the ligt reminds me, as I remind it,
    of a promise to keep 
        adn a time to weep
for my friends and family in a mempory
    that cripplees and tears us apart,
        because we are much too far away
            because we loved
                and were loved
        in the way that breaks
    and in the way that nurtues
        because we were our chilren,
            and our children's children
                and so the anthem goes.

"For the lonely child away from home
    and for the light of yesterday to
        bring the world another night"


In the meantime I wrote of
        world unbroken

and I played with my sight
            to create a kaleidoscopic
microcosm for mt own - where everyday I saw my love and 
            we wanted nohting else
                    but our desires and our time

He believed she would breathe as
        a saviour       extant and nascent
        a lover         entreating and warm
        a friend        comfort and home

I allied and sought for a homeland 
        In my words unbroken
                And I found you
                    In horizons
                    escaping.

Glass Halos (Splintered)


The man explored the trash bin for something to read. The words from earlier remained, but dying--soon to fade. Conscious of his behaviour,  he searched around for any worrying glances from strangers. Finding a welcome isolatoipon, he dug deeper. Past the leftover neakm anud rge reciepts and all the paper dirtied by teh world, but not by ink. Violently thrashing his face upwards--coughing bloodin into the air. The man stood calm and watchful, slowly looking downwards again and peering farther and further into where the dark made a home.Nothing worth spending time for. Rub hands o the brick wall to teh right. Confirm n'ones watching. The misting eain and teh halogen street lamps made haloes togethere fo rteh man the admire and make words for.

Scintillate
        very late
Brazen
        freezing

Late was his condition. Freezong was not. HIs exposed neck and jaw bled a humble steam into the air, attemotuib ti eeet the haloes above. If they ever did, the man did nti see, HE broke feelings unto the world in front of hukm. A grace typically foreign t the 2 am neighbirhood. Blackness and aonymoys--veins and pains-- amid and all through the night. If you stood on the road as he passes, you would wonder whethere he atracted the color od opened bread or opened flesh--coth followed at an intmate distance.

COngregated
        Emanciated
Secluded
        Concluded

Break up and singf 
    for the playtiomes cut short
    and the lovelies left behind

    when you
Break down adn pray
    and leave rge lights turned off,
    for rge oises to die awat,

    how you
Sway...and PLay...and Pray
    weaving knotsinto the night-lines
    letting time be drug away

Scared and Sleepy

Do we see eachother
        anymore?

Or are we peices of furniture ro be 
        moved around the room to
                give it a new lok?
(or) plants to water and maintain
        with dead leaves to excise and remove

Are we things to repair with our
        time waste son we dont know what.
                rending and wrecking
                regretting and resenting

                                the two people
who share our names, and seem lost in al the world.

Can we play together again or are we changed
        forever my freiend
Can I hold you in my arms
        abd forgive wat you've done
        and forget what I've become
then still love you like I;ve always wated to do?

"in the Broken Bits of Our Days"

Hello Heathen,
    no, I don't ant to talk to you
    theb why'd I say hello?
    That's the civilized thing to do.
    But I wouldn;t expect you to know that.

    Do I want to join you (for Dinner)?
    Regretfully--no.I do not have the whetted apetite for 
    your endlesslyt decademnt tastes nor you prolonged company, you maelstrom of
    rogue orgy and starlit vice.
You oil your skin with sin and tan under rge ksyr if lovers
    (levae me to do my taxes)

    The (fucking) Heathen and my Flavor of SHame


Give me freedom & send me knome
int the hoeless cold
    the bleakest nights
SHow me the cliffs to ascend & conquor
and the falls from which
    I fly skywards

My most darling sweetheart,
    you must be strong in the days ahead. When a life ends, it can be a sad affair.

    Keep me warm
    and keep me yours
place me next to you in all things ever so slight and ever so small
    because
I need so much
    befginning and enging in our touch
        our exquistite sensibilities and absurd traveks
            our plain features and our endearing sorrows.
    known only as you and I,

    Keep me warm
    and keep me yours.

"Keep ys fari and Keep us here"
(Crowns and M____)

I'm  tied of being cut by letters
    will you say I choose to?
        to snare and peel and pull
            and destroy my insides?

"Well while you hold it, it's in your power.
    don;t drop it," You warn.

"Enjoy it--these years--because when yoy're 
    my age you don;t hold anything
        except disdain and regret," You warn.

"I'm so tied
    I'm tired of letters and
        cutting myseld", I complain,
            "and not believing anythind
    I have no openions or interests,
        I only want to avoid these sharp letters
            that use me for dirsection and x-rays"

My ABC's and Why I Lve these ABC's (Please.)

F's the sharpest, looking like a knife
    looking to dice your eyes and slice
        and pray it doesn;t, because (then, now) you're done.
D's seem roundm but the curve
    breaks open your thigh
    and frees the bone from all muscles and grasping
    tendons, handicapping all.
C is just large anought to get caught
    in the throat, drawing more blood then your
    lungs can hold. It will not go away.
        I'm sorry. That's all.
B's are nice, except for the ones that
    burrow deep 'neath the nails, breaking the fingers
    and toes in the process. All of then 
    do this. Pray.
A's play with all, and lead all, and stay
    nowhere cept where their not meant to.
    They are jewels on the crowns of others,
    they are throns for you, and your tounge
    now, so you speak ill of them,
    your teeth so you won;t breathe a word against
    them, your bones, so you stand only with their blesisng.
    WHen they chooses to allow this, let themL
    they lead you to family and happiness. I hope that's true 
    because otherwise I have nothing.

These are the letters you will now, and ohm
how you will knoe, the name of you will be noe
other than the ABC's of you you you, don't
grieve, one breathe your letters and chew your fate,
ecause these are the best years of your life. Pray.

Outside in the frugality of the diamond-bone'd night
    with hallow capillaries providing me a nourishing source
        of chilled turpentine;
Uncovering the sillouett'd body of a silken
    disoreint'd (uni)verse.
One, two start m abd three starts full.
Lynx, dracom and preseus
Ecliptic (convulsions, mannerisms) of a topsy-turvy stage
    revolutionizing aroung, therough, all-wises of our clock.
An operatic war of contralto songs caught in dizzying circles
    I pay the man in the corner ,looking up the blind girl's fress.
and I fo home.

In a bed lightyears too small, covered by hay stalks, the needle in teh phonogram 
    falls and I drift away, wondering "why what not the Suumer SKy in the triangle?" 

3 moths fly in and for ess han a single moment, for less than no time at all
    passes when the record turns, they make my sky complete.

"La crem de la Creme (for the Addict)"




```



